[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
The efforts to stop Cell
from absorbing 18
proved to be in vain.
Having claimed his prize,
the ruthless android
underwent his shocking
final transformation.
[NARRATOR] Cell stands
poised to give the world
its first taste of
perfect terror--now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR]
"The Tables Are Turned!
Witness the Power
of Perfection!"
Dad...! Uh...!
Ok. Let's take a break, Gohan.
[chuckles]
[GOHAN grunts]
Hey, easy...
[GOHAN yells]
Ah!
[yells]
Hm!
[GOHAN]
Y'know, back when I was
first training with Piccolo...
he said he didn't think
you'd be a very good teacher.
[GOHAN]
You're... too... nice!
[GOHAN] He said
you were too gentle!
Especially... with me!
And now... I can
see what he meant!
He's right...
You've... been taking it easy
on me ever since we got here!
Listen... I need
you to come at me
with everything you've got!
All out!
Same way you'd fight
Frieza or Cell.
You have to push me
to the very limit!
And if I can't take it...
well then we'll know
that I was never gonna be
stronger than you
from the start!
[yells]
I'm ready--all or nothing!
It's what I want, Dad.
If I don't risk
pushing myself too far...
Then there's no way
I'm ever gonna become
a Super Saiyan!
[GOKU grunts]
Ka... me... ha... me...
Ha!
[GOHAN]
I've gotta be strong...
[grunting]
[GOHAN]
Everyone's counting on me.
I can't let them down!
[gasps]
[GOHAN]
Like against the Saiyans...
[PICCOLO]
Gohan, do it! Hit 'em now!
[yelps]
[GOHAN]
Or the Ginyu Force...!
[yells]
[groans]
Or Frieza...!
[yells]
[KRILLIN] Goku!
[GOHAN] Whenever my
friends needed me most,
I was always too weak
or too scared to help them!
I've been letting them
down my whole life!
[grunts]
[yells]
[GOHAN yells]
[GOHAN seethes]
Aah! There, you see?
I always knew
you had it in you.
[GOHAN yells]
That's good, son...
Now calm your mind; focus...
Bring your energy
under control.
[grunting]
[GOHAN panting]
Nice. That was great, Gohan.
But it's... so hard...
I couldn't hold it...
[GOKU] Hey...
these things take time...
You just need more
practice, that's all.
Hm.
And speaking of control...
How 'bout we
give you a haircut?
It's getting
pretty wild up there.
[breathes heavily]
[BOTH chuckle]
[VEGETA laughs]
So this is the so-called
"perfect form"
you wanted to achieve
so desperately...
[VEGETA] Hmph. "Perfectly
ordinary" is more like it.
[KRILLIN] 18...
She's really gone...
[screams]
[KRILLIN] That monster!
No! Don't!
[KRILLIN grunting]
[KRILLIN yelling]
[CELL] My perfect form...
The perfect body.
The perfect power. The
fulfillment of my purpose...
Truly marvelous.
[yells]
Ah!
Destructo Disk!
[KRILLIN]
Oh, come on...!
That's the same attack that
cut off Frieza's tail...
and this guy
didn't even flinch?!
[yells]
Krillin!
Please...
What are you glaring at?
That fool should
feel honored to be
the first to sample
my new power.
[TRUNKS] Hang on, Krillin.
Stay with me!
Here, take this...!
It's a Senzu bean!
[TRUNKS] Come on,
you've just gotta swallow.
You hear me?!
[VEGETA] Did swatting
that little pest
make you feel
all big and strong?
[VEGETA] I hope so.
Because judging
by the look of you,
it was the last
taste of victory
you're ever going to enjoy.
We'll see about that...
But for now, I wonder
if you would be so good
[CELL] as to
assist me in warming up.
Heh.
All right... Just know,
I'll be turning up
the heat rather quickly.
Spooky.
[gasps]
[TRUNKS] Thank
goodness... You're okay...
[KRILLIN breathes heavily]
[TRUNKS sighs]
That was a close one.
I thought we'd lost you...
Hey, are you all right?
I'm fine.
But Vegeta's about to get
creamed over there!
[TRUNKS] Huh?!
[KRILLIN] Look--
when it comes to fighting,
I know I can't compete
with you Saiyans.
But one thing I can do--
I can still sense power levels
with the best of 'em.
And just now...
when Cell hit me,
I caught a
flash of the power
[KRILLIN] he's still hiding
below the surface...
It's like...
there's no end to it...
It's the most terrifying
thing I've ever seen!
Cell's power has
increased significantly...
[ANDROID 16] However...
compared to Vegeta,
it appears he is still
at a clear disadvantage...
I'm tellin' you, the power
we're sensing right now
is only a drop
in the bucket...
No--a drop in the ocean...
and any second he could
kick open the flood gates...
but he's holding back,
Trunks. Same as you.
Uh! So you mean
you could tell?
So... you actually did
manage to power up a bit...
Good, then maybe this won't
be a complete waste of time.
[VEGETA yelling]
Vegeta's pretty self-absorbed,
so it's no surprise that he
wouldn't notice, but me...?
[KRILLIN] Yeah,
I could tell right away
something wasn't right...
You're hiding your
power... a lot of it...
And I think I know why.
It's because...
you've become even
stronger than Vegeta...
Haven't you?
[VEGETA grunts]
Aaahhh!
Try and dodge that!
Hm!
No question. Dad's on
a whole different level
now than he was before.
[TRUNKS] He trained
to the limits of
his Super Saiyan abilities,
but he hit a plateau.
Not me.
Somehow, I found a way
to break through the barrier
that he couldn't cross.
[TRUNKS] I found what
Goku had talked about--
a level truly
beyond Super Saiyan.
But I kept it hidden.
You know how
proud my dad is--
I just couldn't
bring myself to tell him
I'd surpassed him...!
[KRILLIN] But Trunks...
If Dad had
only defeated Cell
when he had the chance,
then it wouldn't matter!
Huh?
[CELL chuckles]
That was a
nice little maneuver...
Considerably more clever
than your usual blunt tactics.
[chuckles]
[VEGETA] You...
dare... to mock me?!
[grunts]
Fool!
[yelling]
Woah... Vegeta's really
putting on a show.
Even in his perfect form,
Cell's still totally
on the defensive...
[PICCOLO scoffs]
Not for long...
Uh?
Vegeta's attacks
are wild... unfocused...
He's realizing that
Cell's new power
is equal to if not
greater than his own...
and his frustration has
started to get the best of him.
[breathing heavily]
[growls]
[VEGETA] Darn it!
Mm.
[yells]
My initial assessment
of Cell's perfect form
may have been premature.
[ANDROID 16] He is growing
stronger by the minute.
At this rate...
his power will soon
eclipse Vegeta's...
[VEGETA]
Don't toy with me!
[snarls]
Vegeta has yet to land
even a single blow...
Stand still and fight!
Freak... Are you not
taking this seriously?!
Should I be? I'm sorry,
I thought we were
still warming up.
Uh!
What... seriously?!
He hasn't even
started fighting?!
No more of your stalling!
You really think you can delay
the inevitable forever, Cell?
[VEGETA] Obviously, your
"perfect form" is a joke!
You still don't have
what it takes to defeat me
and you know it!
You're afraid to fight!
And if I'm wrong...
then why don't you show me this
new power of
yours and prove it!
Fine... How's this?
Mmm.
[VEGETA] Fool...
I am Super Vegeta,
I will not
be trifled with!
[KRILLIN] Whoa...
He... nailed him!
Ah--! What in the--?
Hm.
[VEGETA shaky exhales]
[laughs]
"Super Vegeta"?
[KRILLIN]
Are you kidding me?!
Vegeta just hit him
full force!
A kick like that should
have sent Cell flying!
But it's like...
it didn't even phase him...
C'mon, don't you see
what we're up against here?!
I'd say that was
your cue, Trunks!
Time to bust out that
secret power of yours!
No, I can't...
No way is Dad gonna
let me or anyone else
interfere at this point.
His pride wouldn't
even allow it.
This is his battle alone.
He'd rather lose...
than accept anyone's help.
That's... crazy!
I did not see Cell make
even the slightest effort
to deflect Vegeta's attack;
he just absorbed it.
[ANDROID 16] And it appears
he suffered no damage
to himself whatsoever...
[ANDROID 16] I fear the
difference in their powers
has grown too wide
for Vegeta to overcome...
[CELL]
Aw! What's wrong?
What happened
to all that bravado?
Huh?
What... are you...?!
I-I... put everything
I had into that attack...
[VEGETA] This fight should
be over.
[CELL] Are you
finally beginning
to understand, Vegeta?
The power of perfection?
[VEGETA yells]
No!
[splash]
[gasps for air]
[VEGETA breathing heavily]
Come now...
You spent all that time
saying I wouldn't even
be a challenge,
and now you're just
going to give up
without a decent fight?
[VEGETA breathing heavily]
[TRUNKS grunting]
Just how far are you
gonna let this go, Trunks?
If you don't do
something right now...
Cell is gonna mop the
floor with Vegeta!
[KRILLIN] I know you don't
want him to lose face, but...
there's a point
when enough's enough!
[TRUNKS] Wait...
I'll jump in the moment
Dad loses consciousness,
but not a second before.
I'm not going to
risk humiliating him
by letting him see
how much stronger
than him I've become!
Who cares about that?!
I said no!
You obviously don't
understand just how much
my dad's pride means to him...
It's what keeps him going,
the source of his strength!
It's what makes
him a warrior!
[TRUNKS] Sure, some might
see it as arrogance,
but I-I think,
down at the core,
it's much more
noble than that.
[groans]
I believe that's what
my mother saw in him...
And it's what I see, too.
[KRILLIN]
Wow, I, uh...
[TRUNKS grunting]
[KRILLIN] Well...
then for his sake let's hope
he passes out really soon.
[VEGETA breathing heavily]
Hm. Pitiful... Really...
For all your talk,
you're not even going to
make it to the end
of my warm-up...
[VEGETA]
You--You... monster...!
Before we're finished, though,
I suppose I
should thank you.
[CELL] If not for your
sheer foolishness,
I never would have been able
to reach my Perfect Form.
[CELL chuckles]
[grunts]
[NARRATOR] Is there any hope for
Vegeta?
His struggle continues
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[CELL]
Aww... Poor Vegeta...
It's hard to believe your
cells were actually used
in my creation...
[VEGETA] Hmph! After
the way you begged me
to help you achieve
your perfect form,
I'd have to agree.
You clearly know
nothing of Saiyan pride!
[CELL] Oh? And where has
your pride gotten you now?
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
"Vegeta's Final Push!
Defeat the Invincible Cell!"
[CELL] Just wait--you'll be
the one begging soon enough.